docs: improve troubleshooting and maintenance of a cluster (#6306)
inverse-inc/packetfence: docs/cluster/troubleshooting_a_cluster.asciidoc

In order for the cluster to be considered healthy, all nodes must be listed under `wsrep_incoming_addresses` and `wsrep_local_state_comment` must be `Synced`. Otherwise look in the MariaDB log ([filename]`/usr/local/pf/logs/mariadb_error.log`)

> === Automatic clustering resolution issue: galera-autofix service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Automatic clustering resolution service: galera-autofix
```

Since v10, the <<_the_galera_autofix_service,`galera-autofix`>> service will try to resolve automatically issues on Galera clusters.

On a cluster which has an issue, once all nodes are back online, you should wait:

* around 10 minutes when at least one of the nodes of the cluster is able to offer database service
* around 20 minutes when there is no database service available

> If your cluster still have issue after that time, you can try to solve it manually by looking at sections below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your cluster still has issues after that time, you can try to resolve the issue by looking at sections below.
```

> === Cluster offer database service without all nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Cluster offers database service without all nodes
```

This action will not cause service disruption on current cluster.

After all nodes have joined back cluster, you should verify <<_checking_the_mariadb_sync,MariaDB sync>>.

> WARNING: After stopping `packetfence-mariadb` service, be sure there is no more `mysql` process running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: After stopping the `packetfence-mariadb` service, be sure there is no more `mysql` process running.
```

> === No more database service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== None of the nodes is offering database service
```

When there is no more database service in your cluster, you need to do a full recovery.

You must identify the node you wish to keep the data from and start it with the
`--force-new-cluster` option.

> Node which has the most recent data will have a highest `seqno` value in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find the node which has the highest `seqno` value in
```

Author: I could be wrong but your suggestion looks weird to me.

Reviewer: > I could be wrong but your suggestion looks weird to me.

Yep, just adjusted that

[filename]`/var/lib/mysql/grastate.dat`.

> If the `seqno` value is equals to `-1`, you need to start MariaDB manually with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `seqno` value is `-1`, you need to start MariaDB manually with
```

> `--wsrep-recover` to update `seqno` value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--wsrep-recover` to update the `seqno` value using the commands below:
```

following commands on it:

[source,bash]
----
systemctl stop packetfence-mariadb
systemctl stop packetfence-galera-autofix
/usr/local/pf/sbin/pf-mariadb --force-new-cluster
----

WARNING: After stopping `packetfence-mariadb` service, be sure there is no more `mysql` process running.

==== On each of the discarded servers

First, stop `packetfence-mariadb` and `packetfence-galera-autofix` on all
the servers you want to discard data from.

[source,bash]
----
systemctl stop packetfence-mariadb
systemctl stop packetfence-galera-autofix
----

On each of the servers you want to discard the data from, you must destroy all
the data in `/var/lib/mysql` and start `packetfence-mariadb` so it resyncs its
data from scratch.

[source,bash]
----
rm -fr /var/lib/mysql/*
systemctl start packetfence-mariadb
----

You should then see `/var/lib/mysql` be populated again with the data and once
MariaDB becomes available again on the server, it means the sync has
completed. In case of issues, look in the MariaDB log file
(`/usr/local/pf/logs/mariadb_error.log`)

WARNING: After stopping `packetfence-mariadb` service, be sure there is no more `mysql` process running.

> ==== On node started with --force-new-cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== On the node started with --force-new-cluster
```
